Personal workspace in team context (#4587)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/collaborating-in-postman/working-with-your-team/collaboration-overview.md

* If the team has [SCIM provisioning](/docs/administration/scim-provisioning/scim-provisioning-overview/) enabled.
* If the team has [domain capture](/docs/administration/managing-your-team/configuring-domain-capture/) enabled.

> When you leave a team, your personal workspaces within the team and their data will remain with the team and no longer be accessible to you. Personal workspaces in a team context equates to visibility and not data ownership.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you leave a team, your personal workspaces within the team and their data will remain with the team and no longer be accessible to you. (Personal workspaces in a team refers to workspace visibility and not data ownership.)
```
